
//==============================================================================
// Core Data Application Spotlight Importer
//==============================================================================

Spotlight importers should be provided by all applications that support custom 
document formats. A Spotlight importer parses your document format for relevant 
information and assigning that information to the appropriate metadata keys.

The bundle target in this project creates a Spotlight importer bundle installed 
inside of the wrapper of the application target.  This bundle includes all of 
the code necessary to import two types of information into Spotlight:

1) The metadata information from Core Data stores.

The only default metadata for a Core Data store is the store ID and store type,
neither of which is imported.  To have metadata from your stores imported, you
must first add the information you are interested to the metadata for your 
store (see the NSPersistentStoreCoordinator setMetadataForPersistentStore: API)
and then pull the information for import in the GetMetadataForFile function in
the 'GetMetadataForFile.c' file.

2) Instance Level indexing information

    For each instance of an entity that contains properties indexed by Spotlight 
(defined in your Core Data Model), the importer will extract the values. This
extraction is done in MySpotlightImporter.m

Additionally, the importer must contain a list of the Uniform Type Identifiers
(UTI) for your application in order to import the data.  (The UTI information is
used by Spotlight to know which importer to invoke for a given file.)  If the
UTI is not already registered by your application, you will need to register it
in the importer bundle.  (For more information on registering UTIs for
applications, consult the documentation at http://developer.apple.com)
  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

To configure this project

Search for all occurrences of the string YOUR_ and replace with the appropriate
    values
    
When importing store file metadata
	
YOUR_STORE_FILE_UTI			- UTI of your store file
YOUR_INFO					- metadata information you want Spotlight to have for
								your store file

when importing record level information
                        
YOUR_EXTERNAL_RECORD_UTI		- UTI of the Core Data Spotlight external record file
YOUR_EXTERNAL_RECORD_EXTENSION - extension of the Core Data external record file
YOUR_STORE_TYPE				- type of your persistent store

Replace occurrences of the above strings in the following files


GetMetadataForFile.c
MySpotlightImporter.m
Cocoa ApplicationImporter-Info.plist

  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
